Alignment SD-JWT Draft 22 and SD-JWT VC Draft 11 (#870)
italia/eidas-it-wallet-docs: docs/en/wallet-provider-endpoint.rst

      - REQUIRED. JSON object, containing the public part of an asymmetric key pair owned by the Wallet Instance.
      - :rfc:`7800`.
    * - **vct**

>       - REQUIRED. Credential type value MUST be an URN and it MUST be of the type ``urn:eudi:WalletAttestation:{version}`` as described in :ref:`registry:Digital Credentials Catalog`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      - REQUIRED. Credential type value MUST be an URN and it MUST be of the type ``urn:eudi:WalletAttestation:it:{version}`` as described in :ref:`registry:Digital Credentials Catalog`.
```

>       - REQUIRED. Credential type value MUST be an URN and it MUST be of the type ``urn:eudi:WalletAttestation:it:{version}`` as described in :ref:`registry:Digital Credentials Catalog`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
      - REQUIRED. Credential type value MUST be an URN and it MUST be of the type ``urn:eudi:wallet_attestation:it:{version}`` as described in :ref:`registry:Digital Credentials Catalog`.
```

@grausof @manuraf ^
